## Transcription of our conversation




Unknown 0:01
So today I'll be asking you to just browse the web like he usually do and answer some questions I have along the way. Please feel free to speak out loud while browsing the web. As Opie extremely helpful for my research of this project

Unknown 0:19
so first of all, can you tell me a little bit about how you got into Korean culture and or Korean media?

Unknown 0:27
Okay, um, let's see. I mean, the most recent movie that I've seen that's Korean, I think was parasite by that famous director. I actually saw some ads about it like, on billboards, and then on YouTube. I actually watched it with a couple of friends. But I guess in terms of Kpop, I've heard of like BTS I wouldn't say I was like, into them, but now they are super popular in the states now and like, even performing for the Grammys, they were doing, like what is it like practice with Ariana Grande day? So I feel like a lot of American shows and awards have mentioned them. So I like heard heard of them and started being interested.

Unknown 1:19
And how often do you think you try to look for like content related to Korean culture or entertainment?

Unknown 1:29
I probably say pretty frequently maybe a few times a day, like kind of just like on my social media. It also just like pops up quite a bit So

Unknown 1:41
okay, and why do you what are like one of your main reasons to go online or go on social media to see these things?

Unknown 1:50
Yeah, I guess for me, like, when I'm on social media, a lot of it is like for news on what's been happening and then also just like, trends or things that I see. Um, I guess sometimes like, I'll watch a lot of short videos. Not really long ones because some shows can get like really long, and I just don't have time. But yeah, like shorter clips or videos, usually. And then I guess like every once in a while if there's some topic that I'm specifically interested in, I'll go on like a forum or read some comments to see how other people are reacting, especially if it's like bigger news. Yeah.

Unknown 2:29
Okay. So I know like during the day, you frequently go online or like go on your social media or however, to access this type of information. So right now I will just kind of observe how you usually browse the website. So I'm going to go ahead and open it up. And I just want you to see how you kind of like navigate the website and like, your behavior interactions with the website.

Unknown 3:00
Okay, let's see. I guess i'm pretty new to Kpop so I mean it's nice that they have like newer news on albums or releases such as music videos. I feel like a lot of websites I've seen do this so it's I don't think it's like new to me but I feel like I've heard of ALLKPOP like from from a while ago from the beginning so I kind of just know their style a little bit and there's no real reason to go somewhere else for like news.

Unknown 3:42
Okay, and then, since you mentioned that you've watched

Unknown 3:48
since you mentioned that you have watched parasite, the movie. I was wondering if you can try to look for

Unknown 3:58
an article about the parasites nomination at the Oscars. Um, so go ahead and take a few minutes seconds to do that. And I wanted to ask what's kind of like the first thing that stands out in terms of because you're going to be getting a lot of search options, like what stands out what you look at, like, for perhaps like the day or like, are you more attracted to like what it says in the title or like the picture? Like, what's one feature that particularly stands out for you that will make you want to click on it?

Unknown 4:32
Okay. Um, I guess like looking at the first thing I'm looking for is like, specifically the word Oscar because it's something more specific to what I'm looking. I guess I just go for the first one that has a like date, I mean, like, might have a difference of two look very similar to me, but usually it's like whatever's on top.

Unknown 5:00
That's how I would click searches. how to quit, which will click on.

Unknown 5:05
Or just say you have experienced any inconveniences while you're browsing a Korean entertainment website?

Unknown 5:13
Yeah, I mean, I think like, sometimes, if I just want something really specific, like a certain type of news, or like maybe one celebrity, it's kind of hard to do. Because sometimes like the dates are all over the place, or what what they think is relevant is not exactly what I was looking for. But it's harder to search more specific. Yeah, I am. So I feel like a lot of websites now, especially like social media, have learned to, like personalize your feed for you. But I know like leave only like that at once. But if they could do that, I feel like that wouldn't be easy, especially if you have like a bias or like someone who you're more interested in. They'll give you more news about that person. In so you're more likely to like use it.

Unknown 6:03
Yeah. And then I also before we started recording, um, I know you mentioned that you're also to watch drama and things like that and I know that there's a different platform you use for that is there a reason why you choose to use a different platform rather than staying on the same website like ALLKPOP page

Unknown 6:29
like all came up versus like,

Unknown 6:31
some other like, specific platform for just like drama recaps or like show recaps are like film reviews.

Unknown 6:38
I feel like I would never think of all keep up for like to watch shows, I mean, like, even though it looks like mainly for news Plus, I just feel like a lot of K drama sites, at least like when I used to watch them a lot, they require you to have like, an account. So but then all those sides. Usually the Didn't have any news. Or if you did, it's kind of like in the way of trying to get to the drama. So it just made sense to do like, multiple.

Unknown 7:09
Yeah. Okay.

Unknown 7:11
All right. Yeah. That's, that's it for our questions today because this is kind of just a way for me to understand how our user behavior, how user behaves, and it's kind of like its natural environment. So yeah, thank you so much for allowing me to observe you today. And thanks for helping.

Unknown 7:29
You're welcome.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
